README.md, before:

# Sat Naing Portfolio & Blog

![satnaing-portfolio-and-blog](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53733092/169645862-d1dda9cb-482f-4428-a63c-8eaf6910ab35.png)
![ts](https://badgen.net/badge/Built%20With/TypeScript/blue) ![vercel](https://img.shields.io/github/deployments/satnaing/my-portfolio/production?label=vercel&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)

My portfolio & blog website developed with Next.JS(SSG) and TypeScript. Tailwind CSS and GSAP is used for styling and animations. Blog contents are written in Markdown format. Light & Dark themes supported.

## Features

- Responsive Design 📱💻
- Light & Dark themes ☀️🌙
- Fully Accessible ♿️
- Categories, Tags 🏷
- Search Box 👀
- SEO Friendly 🔎
- Markdown Content 📰

## Tech Stack

**Frontend** - [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/), [React](https://reactjs.org/), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)  
**Styling** - [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)  
**Animations** - [GSAP](https://greensock.com/)  
**Design & Prototype** - [Figma](https://figma.com/)  
**State Management** - [ContextAPI](https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html)  
**Backend** - [Forestry Headless CMS](https://forestry.io/)  
**Deployment** - [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)

## Lighthouse Score

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://pagespeed.web.dev/report?url=https%3A%2F%2Fsatnaing.dev%2F&form_factor=desktop">
    <img width="710" alt="Sat Naing Portfolio Website Lighthouse Score" src="public/lighthouse-result.svg">
  <a>
</p>

## Running Locally

Clone the project

```bash
git clone https://github.com/satnaing/satnaing.dev.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
cd satnaing.dev
```

Remove remote origin

```bash
git remote remove origin
```

Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

Start the server

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Inspiration and Credits

Here are some inspiration and credits for the design of my portfolio. However I can guarantee that I wrote 100% of the code. These credits are just for ideas and design for my portfolio and blog website.

- [Lee Robinson Website](https://leerob.io/)
- [Papermod Hugo Theme](https://adityatelange.github.io/hugo-PaperMod/)
- [Brittany Chiang Website](https://brittanychiang.com/)
- [Max Böck Website](https://mxb.dev/)

The digital art in the hero section was illustrated by a friend of mine ([Swann Fevian Kyaw](https://www.facebook.com/bon.zai.3910) [@ToonHa](https://www.facebook.com/ToonHa-102639465752883))

## Author

- [@satnaing](https://satnaing.dev)

Commit message:

Update README with personal branding and project information

README.md, after:

# Vyom Nikhra Portfolio

![vyom-nikhra-portfolio](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53733092/169645862-d1dda9cb-482f-4428-a63c-8eaf6910ab35.png)
![ts](https://badgen.net/badge/Built%20With/TypeScript/blue) ![vercel](https://img.shields.io/github/deployments/vyom-nikhra/vyom-portfolio/production?label=vercel&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)

My personal portfolio website developed with Next.JS and TypeScript. Features responsive design, smooth animations, and showcases my projects including Demeter AI and Adobe work. Built with modern web technologies and optimized for performance.

## Features

- Responsive Design 📱💻
- Light & Dark themes ☀️🌙
- Fully Accessible ♿️
- Smooth GSAP Animations ✨
- Project Showcase �
- SEO Friendly 🔎
- Modern UI/UX 🎨

## Tech Stack

**Frontend** - [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/), [React](https://reactjs.org/), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)  
**Styling** - [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)  
**Animations** - [GSAP](https://greensock.com/)  
**Design & Prototype** - [Figma](https://figma.com/)  
**State Management** - [ContextAPI](https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html)  
**Deployment** - [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)

## Lighthouse Score

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://pagespeed.web.dev/">
    <img width="710" alt="Vyom Nikhra Portfolio Website Lighthouse Score" src="public/lighthouse-result.svg">
  <a>
</p>

## Running Locally

Clone the project

```bash
git clone https://github.com/vyom-nikhra/vyom-portfolio.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
cd vyom-portfolio
```

```bash
git remote remove origin
```

Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

Start the server

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Credits and Inspiration

Design inspiration from various modern portfolio websites. The original template was created by [Sat Naing](https://satnaing.dev) and customized for personal use.

- [Lee Robinson Website](https://leerob.io/)
- [Brittany Chiang Website](https://brittanychiang.com/)
- [Max Böck Website](https://mxb.dev/)

## Author

- **Vyom Nikhra** - [GitHub](https://github.com/vyom-nikhra) | [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/vyom-nikhra) | [Instagram](https://instagram.com/vyom_nikhra)
